hey people i'm john from fast films and
today we're covering a 2019
psychological thriller called girl on
the third floor
the starting scene shows us an old house
where a man moves in with his dog the
dog climbs the stairs and starts roaming
around the rooms while the guy places
his luggage into the pink living room
one particular spot catches his eye and
as he observes the black sludgy liquid
pouring out of it the guy breaks it open
while his dog stares blankly at a
wardrobe in the upstairs bedroom
suddenly a white marble drops down from
the closet space and rolls down the
stairs into the living room where the
dog swallows it the guy looks at his pet
in exasperation and proceeds to set up
his mattress as he's cleaning the house
he also has to clean the
post-intercourse mess that almost throws
him up as he's scrubbing the floor the
deranged doorbell rings and a lady is
outside to meet him
upon sitting outside the guy tells her
that his wife is having a baby and
they're here for a change of scenery he
then gets to know that the lady is the
pastor from protestant church
later the guy sleeps in the living room
and is suddenly woken up by a video call
from his wife we can see her pregnant as
she asks her lover how he's holding up
in the new house
he states that he'll do fine and
proceeds to repair the ruptured drywall
he sets up the drill machine and puts a
hard board over the gaping hole
as he's working the drill machine's
battery dies and he throws it away
angrily to charge it but the socket
starts oozing a whitish liquid
the guy cleans it and puts the drill on
charge suddenly the horrible doorbell
rings again and there's an attorney
outside as the guy signs some papers the
attorney teases him by his past
profession as there are no strippers
here to woo the clients
the guy simply waves off his answers and
states that his wife liz is affording
the place
after the attorney leaves the guy
hammers down another portion of the wall
and discovers a girl's dress and a wig
inside dating 1909 that night he leaves
the house and goes to a bar where he
meets an old man named giri who offers
him dinner
upon getting to know that he's living in
the house around the corner the old man
asks the guy name don if he's gay
donna's exasperated upon which gary
states that the specific house is bad
news for straight men
late at night he returns home and
searches for his dog cooper he scours
through the rooms and upstairs we
witness someone move behind him and
suddenly cooper jump scares him after
settling in he video calls with liz and
states that he hasn't gotten to the
kitchen yet
moreover don states that milo's coming
over the weekend as the call ends he
opens a dating app and gets ready but
suddenly gets interrupted by cooper
deeply annoyed he moves the mattress
into the bedroom and shuts cooper out
the following morning he checks out the
kitchen pipe which suddenly bursts and
he's splattered with black sludge he
tumbles outside to clean himself when
suddenly a pretty girl greets him in the
backyard after telling her that he
bought the house the guy walks in after
sharing a smile with the maiden he walks
in to clean the pipe but oddly finds a
crystal marble stuck inside it the scene
now shifts to a park where don goes for
a jog with cooper upon returning he
jumps into the shower but instead of
water a white gooey liquid leaks from
the hose and suddenly a cascade of the
same slimy liquid reigns over him
afterwards he paints the drywall and
drinks beer later on the patio but he
returns back unnoticed while a
reflection of a girl flashes in the
mirror
the same night he paints the bedroom
wall and through the window notices the
girl that he met yesterday petting
cooper he then brings her in and gives
her a tour of the house
she observes a cabinet and proceeds to
the bedroom where she starts kissing him
but cooper barks at them abruptly that
makes don angry and he closes the door
on him the dog keeps barking in sheer
restlessness but don doesn't stop in
afterwards bids the girl goodbye with a
hug
nevertheless the dog is still angry and
suddenly a huge blast is heard don runs
up to the bedroom where he kissed the
girl and witnesses the ceiling
completely destroyed with a watching
stage set above he walks to the third
floor attic and sees a proper railing in
the stage by which you can directly look
below at the bedroom he calls liz to
tell her about it and then goes to clean
the mess up in the meantime the doorbell
rings and it's the same pretty girl
outside again but the guy apologizes to
her and excuses himself late at night
cooper wakes up and goes out and in
comes a girl she crawls up to dawn and
it's revealed that she's liz they both
indulge in romance but liz keeps
shifting to the other woman and at the
end don witnesses a horrendous girl with
a slashed face sitting on top of him he
instantly jolts up drenched in sweat and
finds a marble placed on his belly
afterwards he freshens up and walks
downstairs where the doorbell rings and
it's his friend milo outside
both of them work together afterwards to
fix the ceiling and the bedroom
after they're done they go to the bar
where geary acknowledges the fact that
don once ran all the stripper business
in the big city and was called king dawn
the following morning don wakes up to
see milo painting the walls
upon asking for coffee milo states that
his assistant is already doing that don
is astounded and dashes to the kitchen
to find the pretty girl working there
the girl says that her name is sarah but
don threatens her to leave at once and
never come near the house again
milo catches him pinning sarah against
the wall and demands an explanation
that causes an argument between them and
don walks out in anguish
milo returns back to work but suddenly a
marble rolls up in the living room
milo follows it as it trails down to the
basement where he meets sarah milo
apologizes to her but she lashes out
with a hammer and bursts his eye socket
he starts to crawl away to save himself
but upon reaching the staircase he
witnesses the terrific slashed face girl
waiting for him while sarah scoops up
behind him evenly and brings down the
hammer with all her might
late at night don returns back
regretting his act and looks around the
house for milo
upon finding him nowhere he texts him an
apology and gets an affirmation back
that relieves him and he then video
calls liz but suddenly sarah walks
behind him and liz notices that but as
don scowers through the house he finds
nothing surprisingly as he strolls upon
the backyard door he finds it swinging
open
he ends the call immediately and rushes
inside to locate the intruder but finds
nothing
the following morning he installs new
locks on every door as well as cctv
cameras on every corner
as he's setting up the alarm system he
gets a visit by the pastor
outside they talk about the house's
[ __ ] personality and the pastor ends
the convo with a statement that blessed
is the man who remains steadfast under
trial that night as everyone's asleep
another marble pops out from a fleshy
opening in the socket and that wakes up
cooper he follows it downstairs to the
basement as the dog stares into the
darkness sarah's face emerges with an
evil grin and everything fades out the
next morning don wakes up and starts
calling for cooper he searches in every
nook and corner but cannot find his dog
ultimately he hears the dryer running in
the pantry don's expressions go dark and
gradually he nears the machine to
witness the nightmare of his life he
reluctantly opens the door and instantly
throws up as cooper's chopped up body
parts rotate in the dryer
the next scene shows us a policeman
filing a report against sarah as don
asserts his complaint the policeman
doesn't take him seriously and regards
him as king don
afterwards he leaves the house while the
pastor observes the whole situation from
a distance
later that night don sits in the living
room in utter helplessness when sarah
appears in front of him
don apologizes to her about everything
and to make it up for her he states that
he has brought a gift for her and it's
in the kitchen
she advances towards the kitchen and
suddenly from behind don bashes her head
with the hammer and knocks her down
as she bleeds on the floor he gets a
sheet and wraps her body
afterwards he drags it downstairs to the
basement where he puts it up in a corner
and cakes it with a powder in the
meantime he receives a call from liz who
states that milo texted her about
something she should know about don
that statement freaks him out and he
angrily cuts the call now the thought of
sarah's body pops up again and he darts
to the basement to find it empty horror
runs through his bones as he scavenges
all around the house to locate her dead
body but it's nowhere to be found
so he walks to the third floor attic and
finds a hollow space in a wall
he uses the hammer to break it down and
finds a small room inside
its walls are scribbled with childish
illustrations depicting a masked man and
a girl moreover the torch flashes on a
discarded doll placed in a corner the
scene now shifts to the house where don
rips apart the wallpaper furiously he
finds another hollow space drills it up
and inserts a camera in the hole
as he runs the wire inside the camera
passes through crumpled newspapers and
cobwebs until it suddenly shows a
bloodied head of an alive girl inside
don is appalled and in fury he starts
breaking the walls downstairs to find
gory pulsating flesh inside utterly
horrified
he breaks another portion and finds the
same kind of pulsating flesh underneath
in the meantime different fluids and
blood start spurting up from different
areas of the house
back at the wall don jumps back in
fright as he witnesses milo's dead face
staring at him scared to death he runs
back to call the police when suddenly
all the cabinets around the house start
banging and don turns around to witness
the slashed up girl crawling out from a
cabinet drawer
don is stunned by horror as the girl
looks at him and suddenly a marble rolls
down and crawls up his skin
he grimaces in pain and runs to the
bedroom to cut his skin but the marble
keeps sliding up his body until it
reaches his neck
the hideous girl appears at the door and
starts cackling at his worsening
situation
don slits his neck to get the marble out
but it doesn't help and he crawls to the
closet begging to the girl to stop but
she laughs menacingly and various other
marbles roll up on him and the screen
blacks out the scene now shifts to liz
who enters the house to surprise her
husband but doesn't find him anywhere in
the house she observes every corner of
the house and comes across the ruptured
drywall
inside she finds a newspaper from 1909
which stated that this house was a
brothel and the police couldn't find the
girl's body
the scene now shifts to the kitchen
where liz senses something in the
basement she goes down the dark cellar
and finds a marble placed in the center
not understanding anything she walks
back upstairs and suddenly gets startled
by sarah's intrusion
upon inquiry sarah informs her that she
helped don with the renovation in the
meantime the doorbell rings and liz
meets with the pastor named ellie ellie
tells her that this house has a bad
reputation for married couples and
straight men
suspicion rises in liz but she affirms
herself and proceeds to wash her hands
but at the sink she finds a long strand
of female hair
as she puts away the blockage liz is
instantly freaked out as she notices an
eye looking at her
later she tries to call don but finds
his phone in the bedroom while sarah
stands behind her wickedly
worried sick liz goes to ellie's place
and states that her husband is a [ __ ] up
and always messes up things ellie
advises that her family should get away
from the house as soon as possible but
liz assures that they'll manage the
choice of it afterwards she returns home
at night and finds a lot of hustle
bustle with men dressed in suits roaming
around the house
she walks to the kitchen where sarah
states that a party is going on and it's
already started upstairs
liz runs upstairs and bangs the bedroom
door calling for dawn but there's no
answer
ultimately she walks up to the third
floor attic where all the spectators
stand at the edge looking below
as the show begins everyone witnesses
sarah taking off her clothes and showing
off
meanwhile a masked man appears and
starts whipping her with a stick
liz cries out in fury but suddenly her
attention is diverted to a side space
where a young girl is drawing
illustrations on the wall
the masked man then walks up to her and
hands her a sack of marbles and pats her
head
liz is scared and runs downstairs where
sarah stops her in her tracks and states
that she was killed but not a single man
came looking for her
with that she lunges towards liz with a
cutter and she seeks refuge in the
bedroom
suddenly don crawls out of the wardrobe
completely slashed up and apologizes to
liz for being a [ __ ] up but she shrieks
and tries to run away
in a menacing way don cuts open his face
and underneath the skin sarah appears
she laughs sinisterly and states that
she's proud of liz scared to death she
runs downstairs to find milo's face
laughing at her
sweat drops from her face as she
witnesses another horror the slashed
girl crawls out from the fabricated
drywall but in a heroic way liz bashes
her head with a hammer and it ends up in
a messy pulp of grotesque filth
sarah appears suddenly and advances
towards the girl while liz manages to
escape from behind
outside she meets ellie who states that
she did well liz is exasperated but
ellie states that it was her own choice
later liz walks to the wardrobe and
breaks it down to find a corpse behind
the drywall
the scene then shows us ellie and liz
burying the girl in the cemetery
the final moments of the movie take us
forward into six months where we see liz
with her newborn baby
they live happily and as liz leaves the
room we suddenly witness marbles
dropping in the baby's crib from a
ceiling vent and the movie comes to a
ferocious end as dawn's face appears in
the vent stating that's my girl
thanks for watching guys